(light upbeat music)
♪ I didn't want to be the one to forget ♪
♪ I thought of everything
I'd never regret ♪
♪ A little time with
you is all that I get ♪
♪ That's all we need because
it's all we can take ♪
♪ One thing I never see the
same when you're 'round ♪
♪ I don't believe in him,
his lips on the ground ♪
♪ I wanna take you to
that place in the Roche ♪
♪ But no one gives us any time anymore ♪
♪ He asks me once if
I'd look in on his dog ♪
♪ You made an offer for
it, then you ran off ♪
♪ I got this picture
of us kids in my head ♪
♪ And all I hear is the
last thing that you said ♪
♪ Listened to your problems,
now listen to mine ♪
♪ I didn't want to anymore, oh ♪
♪ And we will never be alone again ♪
♪ 'Cause it doesn't happen every day ♪
♪ Kinda counted on you being a friend ♪
♪ Can I give it up or give it away ♪
♪ Now I thought about what I wanna say ♪
♪ But I never really know where to go ♪
♪ So I chained myself to a friend ♪
♪ 'Cause I know it unlocks like a door ♪
♪ And we will never be alone again ♪
♪ 'Cause it doesn't happen every day ♪
♪ Kinda counted on you being a friend ♪
♪ Can I give it up or give it away ♪
♪ Now I thought about what I wanna say ♪
♪ But I never really know where to go ♪
♪ So I chained myself to a friend ♪
♪ Some more again ♪
♪ It didn't matter what
they wanted to see ♪
♪ He thought he saw someone
that looked just like me ♪
♪ The summer memory that just never dies ♪
♪ We worked too long and
hard to give it no time ♪
♪ He sees right through me,
it's so easy with lies ♪
♪ Cracks in the road that
I would try and disguise ♪
♪ He runs the scissors
at the seam in the wall ♪
♪ He cannot break it down
or else he would fall ♪
♪ One thousand lonely stars ♪
♪ Hiding in the cold ♪
♪ Take it ♪
♪ I don't wanna sing anymore ♪
(dramatic electronic music)
♪ Listened to your problems,
now listen to mine ♪
♪ I didn't want to anymore, oh ♪
♪ And we will never be alone again ♪
♪ 'Cause it doesn't happen every day ♪
♪ Kinda counted on you being a friend ♪
♪ Can I give it up or give it away ♪
♪ Now I thought about what I wanna say ♪
♪ But I never really know where to go ♪
♪ So I chained myself to a friend ♪
♪ 'Cause I know it unlocks like a door ♪
♪ And we will never be alone again ♪
♪ 'Cause it doesn't happen every day ♪
♪ Kinda counted on you being a friend ♪
♪ Can I give it up or give it away ♪
♪ Now I thought about what I wanna say ♪
♪ But I never really know where to go ♪
♪ So I chained myself to a friend ♪
♪ 'Cause I know it unlocks like a ♪
♪ I don't understand ♪
♪ Don't get upset ♪
♪ I'm not with you ♪
♪ We're swimming around ♪
♪ It's all I do ♪
♪ When I'm with you ♪
♪ And we will never be alone again ♪
♪ 'Cause it doesn't happen every day ♪
♪ Kinda counted on you being a friend ♪
♪ Can I give it up or give it away ♪
♪ Now I thought about what I wanna say ♪
♪ But I never really know where to go ♪
♪ So I chained myself to a friend ♪
♪ 'Cause I know it unlocks like a door ♪
♪ And we will never be alone again ♪
♪ 'Cause it doesn't happen every day ♪
♪ Kinda counted on you being a friend ♪
♪ Can I give it up or give it away ♪
♪ Now I thought about what I wanna say ♪
♪ But I never really know where to go ♪
♪ So I chained myself to a friend ♪
♪ 'Cause I know it unlocks like a door ♪
(upbeat electronic music)